Another interesting doozy is a Zen index in the CSX and what we're going to do is we're going set up
some example with some images just so we can see a little bit better.
And for this you know what I will gonna get rid of all this mumbo jumbo that we had before and see.
First I'm gonna save it and in then indexation email we all gonna create maybe the same thing we can
leave the dev but within Dev we'll gonna add some images now we're gonna start with the small one first
and it doesn't really matter because we're gonna be changing the sizes and let's say here I'm gonna
be looking for image.
Now I'm going to start with the small one so I can just say small JPEG and let me add the class because
we will gonna be adding some changes individually by each of the images.
So let's copy and paste it first of all it's a class of number two and all can be locked in for class.
And number three what else we can have.
Okay.
So we have small We obviously also want the big one.
So I'm going to say big j peg and then let's look for the folder.
And again just for simple reason that I would want them to be different.
And then you know this was obviously not in a folder but in images and then we're looking for a folder
image.
First things first we would need to fix our slate.
The with here the heights are just massive.
So let's say for all the images I would like to have.
I don't know with of two hundred pixels.
Well let's try it out with 200 pixels.
And right away the height of two hundred pixels.
And we'll see what happens.
So two hundred and two hundred and this is obviously a mess up is not what I want.
Let's go back over here and let's save it.
And now we have 200 by 200 so far so good.
You know what.
Maybe it's not so far so good because let's do maybe hundred pixels because that way this is gonna look
a little bit more decent.
So OK.
Hundred but hundred.
Now this is gonna look at what else I would like more for now let's just work with the div and let's
say for the day of or maybe let's say banner since we have the class already I would want to have some
margin.
Now the margins are gonna be like 20 pixels all around.
So there's going to be some margin and I would like to add some with let's say 70 viewers.
That's gonna be my with as well as some height with some I don't know 70 view height.
So 70 view heads let's say.
So this would be my live and let me add the border right now and for the border I would like to add
I don't know five pixels solid.
Let's go with the red.
So something like this just so we can see where the data is actually sitting.
Excellent.
You know what though.
One thing missing we can maybe do with of a little bit wider.
So this is going to look a little bit better.
Now what.
Well knowledge that stood out something else we're going to say position and since we already have covered
position absolute let's say oh this is gonna look like.
So what I'm saying for all the images that we're gonna have to position absolute and again we have already
covered this.
So now they're just sitting here.
Now we have an added position relative yet.
So that's maybe something we should do because we know that we have an ancestor.
And for the answers there we would like to add position relative.
And at the moment what I would like is to control them one by one.
So since I have classes there is gonna be the image with the class of one and then image with obviously
class of two and three and let's just first start by positioning them.
So for the image number one I'm going to say top there's gonna be zero left is gonna be zero then what
else we're gonna have.
Now let's just copy and paste it let's say 2 and 3.
And then lastly here we would need to change different classes than zero.
Right.
Number three.
And then here we're going to have different positions.
So let's say for number two I would want 10 percent 10 percent from the top 10 percent from the left.
Same thing or here can do 10 percent from the left.
And you know what for this guy maybe 20 percent from the top and 20 percent from the left and the moment
we say well what happens.
What we're noticing that we're having the images we have the image number one then the image number
two and the image number three.
And as we're looking at it we can see that the third one is closer to us.
Now the reason for that is very simple because this was the third image but this would be the Zen next
that we're controlling with.
I'm sorry.
The access that we're controlling within.
And the reason why the third one is gonna be the closer because the actual image was the third in line
and the first one was further away or is further away because it was first on the line.
So how we can change that.
Well we know that we have the option of working with ze index that would control this Xie act.
And why don't we test it up.
Why don't we have a look of how this is gonna work.
So let's say for number one we would want to work with Zen.
Now one thing that I would need to let you know right away is that we've seen X automatically all gonna
be getting zero.
So all of them by default are gonna have zero.
So even though I'm gonna add for the first one zero nothing is gonna change because the rest of them
also right away have the easy index of zero.
So instead of what I would like to do either I need to go bigger zero so in my case I could go to 1
and check this out.
Now my first one is actually closer to us because we increase this Zen x value on the Zen x property
or we can do something like this if we know that all of them are by default 0 in a way it doesn't really
matter.
I can just say that this was gonna stay zero which again would be the default and then we can say Zen
X negative 1.
So that would be for this guy and then for the third one this is gonna be seen next number two.
So the index and we can just go negative now what do we see.
We see that the first one even though this shouldn't be like that normally is displayed closer to us
than the second one is further a little bit away.
And the third one we're controlling here with the index of negative 2.
So this one is further and further away.
And like I said even if I'm gonna come on this out by default this is how it works with z index of zero.
So that's that's the reason why this is going gonna be displayed closer.
Now we can have all kinds of values here.
It doesn't really matter.
You can write something like this nine hundred ninety nine as long as this value.
And obviously this is the case if you want to place this one behind the element number two is more negative
than this guy.
So instead if I'm gonna write let's say nine hundred and this one I'm going to say nine hundred one
then you can already guess what's going to happen.
So now the third image is gonna be displayed closer to us than the one that is number two because we
changed the z index values.
However there is one kicker about disease index and that is the simple fact that it will only gonna
work if you're going to have position relative or position absolute meaning it's not gonna work with
position static.
So let's have a look at how this is going to work and in our case what we can do well we can go back
again to negative 1 as well as negative 2.
Let's do something like this and this would be negative too.
You can save it and you know what maybe let's flip around and let's say that we would want I don't know
to be shot.
Okay so how this is gonna work.
Well we can do an opposition static right because we added the.
For all the images we had of this position absolutely.
So what if.
Why don't we go back and why don't we say that for the number two we would like to add positions that
OK.
So far so good.
So this image is still gonna be a front.
But then let's say in this case we're gonna change this and we're gonna say that you know what the z
index is not going to be negative but instead of we're gonna go with a positive.
And we're also gonna go with this guy being positive so we can do something like this.
So now again we have pretty much default look like we had anyway.
But you know what I would say hmm.
I don't like this even though I still have the static one I would like to have design X in my case I'm
going to say design next is gonna be hundred just so I'm making sure that this would be bigger than
the previous two and nothing changes the moment we save it because it's not gonna work on the static
one.
So we cannot do the static one with AC next.
However if we're gonna change this one relative I say this is gonna be our up front because we can use
it with relative as well as with absolute.